.TH FISHMINDERD 8 "15 January 2019" "version 1.0"
.SH NAME
fishminderd \- Server to accept events from the  Redfish Event Service
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fishminderd
\fB\-h \fR<hostname>
\fB\-p\fR <port>
[\fB-v\fR]
[\fB-n\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fishminderd
is a daemon that listens to a port for incoming events from a Redfish Event Service. In its initial release it uses a lightweight SQLITE database to store all incoming events. An event is only accepted if a subscription exists for the infrastructure that sends the event. One uses the \fB\fIfminder(1) \fRutility to manage the subscriptions.
.SH OPTIONS
-h|--hostname
.RS 4
This is the fully qualified host name or IP address of the interface the daemon should listen
.RE
.PP
-p|--port
.RS 4
This is the port number the host name should listen to
.RE
.PP
-v|--verbose
.RS 4
If this parameter is present it causes the daemon to display verbose messages. This is an optional parameter
.RE
.PP
-n|--nondaemon
.RS 4
Forces the process to run as a foreground process and NOT as a daemon. The default is to run as a daemon. The option is an optional parameter
.SH FILES
.PP
/etc/fishminder/redfish_events.db
.RS 4
This is the SQLITE database file. Both this file and the directory it is in need to have read/write permissions by the user that will run this process
.RE
.PP
/etc/fishminder/fishminderd.conf
.RS 4
This is the configuration file for fishminderd
.RE
.PP
/var/run/fishminder/fishminderd.pid
.RS 4
This is the PID file for the process
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBfminder\fR(1)
